The 'gnome-core' package is essentially an empty package that depends
on *all* the packages that are part of the gnome-core distribution, 
AND are available on slackbuilds.org. Building the gnome-core package
and all its dependencies will install all the core components of a 
GNOME Desktop release, e.g "GNOME Desktop 41.9".

Important Note: 'colord' is included as a dependency and requires a 
colord group and user for the build to complete properly. Please add
the colord group and user before starting the build, otherwise the 
entire queue will fail to build once it reaches the colord step. The
following code will add the colord group and user:

 groupadd -g 303 colord
 useradd -d /var/lib/colord -u 303 -g colord -s /bin/false colord

Booting to runlevel 4 will start the GNOME Display Manager, GDM, by
default. This is the recommended way to use GNOME, so that GDM can 
handle screen locking. Xinit scripts are provided as well, so that
GNOME can be started from runlevel 3.

This package also provides a list of all installed packages in the
file: /usr/doc/gnome-core-$VERSION/gnome-core.list. This list is useful
for finding and removing packages installed by the gnome-core meta
package dependencies. See the gnome-core.list file for details.

There are several omissions from the official gnome-core release, 
compared to what is included in the gnome-core "meta package":

 * gnome-software - A flatpak GUI front-end. Adds a number of 
                    dependencies and hasn't been uploaded to SBo.

 * gnome-boxes - A qemu/libvirt GUI front-end. Adds a number of
                 dependencies and hasn't been uploaded to SBo.

 * gnome-connections - GNOME Remote Desktop's client GUI. Omitted,
                       since gnome-remote-desktop is omitted.

 * gnome-remote-desktop, - These three are user run daemons and makeup
   gnome-user-share,       the "sharing" panel in GNOME's control panel.
   rygel                   They depend on systemd's service manager and 
                           yield broken controls in the panel when 
                           systemd is not installed.
                           Also not uploaded to SBo.

 * gnome-tour,
   gnome-initial-setup   - A couple basic gnome intro packages that are 
                           run once and never used again. Omitted to
                           reduce clutter.

 * orca - GNOME's screen reader. The screen reader works on Slackware,
          but no braille deps are met yet so omitted.

 * sushi - A file previewer for Nautilus. Not uploaded to SBo yet.

 * epiphany - There is a build available on slackbuilds.org, but it is
              built against webkit2gtk-4.1 & libsoup3, while the rest
              of the gnome-core 41 distribution is built against the
              older webkit2gtk-4.0 & libsoup2 libraries. The two can't
              be mixed and will cause crashes.

